Project initiate

Project Initiate is the first project in the life of SHIELD. In this project the SHIELD team created the genesis block which started the life of the SHIELD blockchain. They also released a working SHIELD wallet for Linux and Windows more information about the first project in the life of SHIELD can be found on our Medium here.
Project Enlighten

Project Enlighten is about bringing SHIELD to more people. One of the ways we'll do that is by writing about all of the projects SHIELD will see. The SHIELD team will make articles about them and post these to our Medium and Steemit. SHIELD will also get its first Whitepaper. More information about project enlighten, the project that will bring SHIELD to the people, can be found here.
2018 Q1
Project Billfold

In project billfold SHIELD will get some more desktop wallets to make SHIELD usable for a larger audience. More information, like what wallets SHIELD is getting can be found here.
Project Globalize

Like project billfold, project globalize is about creating more wallets for SHIELD. Different from project billfold is what we'll be focusing on. Project globalize will be bringing SHIELD to smartphones by creating wallets for those smartphones. More information like what kinds of mobile wallet we'll create can be found here.
Project Au Courant

Project au courant will be the rebranding for SHIELD. At the time of this project SHIELD will have more platforms on which you can find it. To find our more information about this what SHIELD will be getting in this project can be found here.
2018 Q2
Project Integrate

Project integrate will give SHIELD a use. It'll make it possible to send SHIELD over a few different platforms. We think it's important to make sure that there is an easy way to give SHIELD to people without them actually having an wallet. This is what this project will bring to SHIELD. More information about what this will do for XSH can be found here.
Project Perdu

Project perdu will be the project that sets SHIELD apart from other privacy coins. SHIELD will get a combination of different privact functions that will make SHIELD incredibily safe to use. More information about how we'll make SHIELD more private can be found here.
2018 Q3
Project Boo

Project boo will be the integration for PoS and masternodes to SHIELD. This will make SHIELD a better coin as it will cost less power to sustain. More information will be released soon.
Project Smart

Project smart is where we are goin to implementent RSK smart contracts to SHIELD. RSK smart contracts are similar to Ethereum smart contracts except made for altcoins and bitcoin. More information will be coming soon.
2018 Q4
Project Sharding

Sharding will be a scalibility improvent to SHIELD. Sharding has it's origins in Ethereum, it uses validators to validate shards. And decreases the size of the SHIELD blockchain someone has to store, this might be hard to implement but it would also be a big improvement and give SHIELD a good start to an even better future. More information about project sharding will be coming soon.
Project SHIELD

Project SHIELD is our main goal currently for our project, it's where we are going to implement quantum proof transactions to SHIELD. More information about this project will be coming soon.
